<?xml version="1.0"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Composite//EN" "ditabase.dtd">

  <topic id="mobileview_FAQ"> 
	 <title>Frequently Asked Questions</title> 
<!-- This Project Alcuin topic was derived from the Gnostyx Thunderbird project. -->
<!-- See https://github.com/gnostyx/dita-demo-content-collection for original sources. --> 
	 <body> 
	 	<section> 
	 		<title>How do I change my password?</title> 
	 		<p>You can change your password after you log on to <ph
					conkeyref="library_productname_keys/k_ph_stormview"/>.</p>
	 		<p>Select the <uicontrol>Account</uicontrol> button in the top right hand corner, then select the <uicontrol>Settings</uicontrol> option. In the Settings tab, click the 
	 			<uicontrol>Change Password</uicontrol> button. In the Are-you-sure-you-want-to-change-your-password? dialog
	 			box, enter your old password, enter your new password twice, and click <uicontrol>OK</uicontrol>.</p>
	 	</section>

	 	<section> 
	 		<title>Can I create a custom data view?</title> 
	 		<p>Yes. You can create custom data 
	 			views that provide analytics specific to the needs of your project in the <uicontrol>Customize Views</uicontrol> page. 
	 			You can analyze the tasks, targets, and clusters associated with your project.</p> 
	 	</section>
	 	
	 	<section> 
	 		<title>How do I generate a custom query?</title> 
	 		<p>You can generate customized queries on the tasks, clusters, and targets in your <ph
					conkeyref="library_productname_keys/k_ph_suite"/> system for investigation or
				maintenance purposes.</p>
	 		<p>Within the <uicontrol>Customize Views</uicontrol> tab, use the filters in the
					<uicontrol>Query Pane</uicontrol> to set up your query. Click on a filter
				heading to turn it on or off and click the <uicontrol>Generate</uicontrol> button to
				run your data analysis.</p>
	 	</section>
		
				
		<section>
			<title>How do I diagnose an issue with cluster activity?</title>
			<p>If the data views in the <uicontrol>Troubleshooting</uicontrol> sub-tab have either the error
				icon or the warning icon, you will want to get more details regarding the issue.
				Initiate the applicable diagnostics sequence of tests.</p>
			
			<p>Click on the <uicontrol>Data View</uicontrol> widget, and then select the <uicontrol>Diagnose</uicontrol> option. The system will return a detailed account of the issue and recommended action for amending the problem.</p>
		</section> 
	 </body> 
  </topic> 
 
