<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="c_mv_performance_tab" xml:lang="en-us">
 <title><ph conkeyref="library_productname_keys/k_ph_stormcenter"/> system diagnostics</title>
<!-- This Project Alcuin topic was derived from the Gnostyx Thunderbird project. -->
<!-- See https://github.com/gnostyx/dita-demo-content-collection for original sources. -->
 <conbody>
  <p>The <uicontrol>Troubleshooting</uicontrol> sub-tab provides a data view for cluster modules
      actively engaged with your project tasks. The data views provide details regarding the current
      status and projected performance of the cluster modules.</p>
    <p>The System Diagnostic troubleshooting agent will run a series of interactive tests to
      identify and isolate problems within the <ph
        conkeyref="library_productname_keys/k_ph_stormcenter"/> grid. A typical interaction would
      proceed as follows:<ul id="ul_ht4_jns_mr">
        <li>User selects the <uicontrol>Troubleshooting Scenario</uicontrol> that best fits the
          observed situation.</li>
        <li>A series of tests will run, with results either being captured and displayed
          automatically or being observed and entered by the user.</li>
        <li>The result from one test may lead to one or more additional tests being run.</li>
        <li>One or more problems will be identified, isolated, and confirmed by the tests.</li>
        <li>One or more resolution measures will be identified.</li>
        <li>Resolution measures will include references to the applicable task documentation. </li>
      </ul>
    </p>
   
  <p id="p_pl5_x5m_mr">For each cluster module, a data view presents a graph depicting the clusters
      progress. Three different health indicators signal the current or future processing status:
    </p>
   
  <p>If the cluster has stopped processing a task, it is not performing optimally, or it cannot address projected workloads, you will also receive a notification message alerting you to the problem. Visit the <uicontrol>Diagnostics Tab</uicontrol> to see additional information on the issue, select actions to amend the situation, and monitor the impact of your intervention.</p>
   </conbody>
</concept>
